Challenge 3 - Banking Troubles
To investigate a memory image of an infected virtual machine.

The Challenge:

Company X has contacted you to perform forensics work on a 
recent incident that occurred. One of their employees had 
received an email from a fellow co-worker that pointed to a
PDF file. Upon opening, the employee did not seem to notice
anything, however recently they have had unusual activity in
their bank account. Company X was able to obtain a memory 
image of the employee’s virtual machine upon suspected infection.
Company X wishes you to analyze the virtual memory and report on 
any suspected activities found. Questions can be found below to 
help in the formal report for the investigation.

1. List the processes that were running on the victim’s machine. 
Which process was most likely responsible for the initial exploit? (2pts)
2. List the sockets that were open on the victim’s machine during
infection. Are there any suspicious processes that have sockets 
open? (4pts)
3. List any suspicious URLs that may be in the suspected process’s
memory. (2pts)
4. Are there any other processes that contain URLs that may point
to banking troubles? If so, what are these processes and what are
the URLs? (4pts)
5. Were there any files that were able to be extracted from the 
initial process? How were these files extracted? (6pts)
6. If there was a file extracted from the initial process, what
techniques did it use to perform the exploit? (8pts)
7. List suspicious files that were loaded by any processes on the
victim’s machine. From this information, what was a possible payload of the initial exploit be that would be affecting the 
victim’s bank account? (2pts)
8. If any suspicious files can be extracted from an injected process, 
do any anti-virus products pick up the suspicious executable? 
What is the general result from anti-virus products? (6pts)
9. Are there any related registry entries associated with the 
payload? (4pts)
10. What technique was used in the initial exploit to inject code 
in to the other processes? (6pts)
